# 11/7-23
### 15:00

Meeting to decide on what our project should be, we wrote the first draft of our projectplan, we also posted our gitlab repolink in the groups document.

# 12/7-23
### 15:00
First meeting with Tomas, we all agreed to doing a lightsensor thingy with the project. And he helped us with directing us in what we have to do to achieve our wanted grade.

### 16:00
We decided on what sensors to get. They have been ordered. At the same time Samuel is setting up the react website.

Website structure done-ish.